Clarify priority framework (#639)
ietf-tapswg/api-drafts: draft-ietf-taps-interface.md

Connection -> CloneError<reason?>
~~~

> The Connection Priority Connection Property operates on entangled Connections 

Reviewer: Bikeshed alert: can we just call it the "Priority Connection Property" to go with the "Priority Message Property"?

Connection -> CloneError<reason?>
~~~

The Connection Priority Connection Property operates on entangled Connections 

> using the same approach in {{msg-priority}}: when allocating available network

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
using the same approach as in {{msg-priority}}: when allocating available network
```

capacity among Connections in a Connection Group, sends on Connections with
higher Priority values will be prioritized over sends on Connections with
lower Priority values. In keeping with the principle of least surprise,
transport system implementation should, in the absense of other requirements, 
assign each Connection the capacity share (M-N) x C / M, where N is the 
Connection's Priority value, M is the maximum Priority value used by all 
Connections in the group and C is the total available capacity. However, 
the Priority setting is purely advisory, and no guarantees are given 
about the way capacity is shared. Each implementation is free to implement a 

> way to sharecapacity that it sees fit. See {{priority-in-taps}}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
way to share capacity that it sees fit. See {{priority-in-taps}}.
```

SendError separate from the InitiateError signaling the failure of Connection
establishment.

### Priority in TAPS {#priority-in-taps}

The Transport Services interface provides two properties to allow a sender 
to signal the relative priority of data transmission: the Priority Message 
Property {{msg-priority}}, and the Connection Priority Connection Property 
{{conn-priority}}. These properties are designed to allow the expression 

> and implementation a wide variety of approaches to transmission priority in 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and implementation of a wide variety of approaches to transmission priority in 
```

the transport and application layer, including those which do not appear on
the wire (affecting only sender-side transmission scheduling) as well as those
that do (e.g. {{?I-D.ietf-httpbis-priority}}.

Given this variety, the specific behaviors of the prioritization framework 

> are leftto the transport system implementation and/or the implementation of 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
are left to the transport system implementation and/or the implementation of 
```
